Variables
A variable is a container (storage area) used to hold data.  
Each variable should be given a unique name (identifier).  

package com.apnacollege;

public class Main {

   public static void main(String[] args) {
      // Variables
       String name = "Aman";
       int age = 30;

       String neighbour = "Akku";
       String friend = neighbour;
   }
}
VARIABLES:variables are three types 
1.Local Variables
2.Instance Variables
3.Static Variables

LOCAL variavles : Declarations:Local variables declare as inside methods,Blocks,Constructor
Scope:inside methods ,Blocks,Construtor not outside
stored memory:stack memory
default values:does have any default values,value should be provided before use
Access Specifier:Local variables not use any access specifiers.

INSTANCE  variables:
Declaration:inside Class but outside method and constructor or blocks.
Scope:use inside class,methods,constructors and blocks but not inside directly use  static method
when variables get memory allocated:when object is created once object is destroyed the variables are release.
Stored memory:Heap memory
Deffault values:They have deffault values like int like 0 boolean is false and  String is null
Access Specifier:In instance variable access specifiers are used.
How to access Instance variable:it can be called directly if simple instance variable if static instance variable then called as object,created first object then called as object.

STATIC VARIABLES:
Declaration: used as keyword Static in a class but outside of a method,constructor or blocks.
scope:similar to instance variables inside as a methods,constructor or blocks including static .
When variables Get allocated:when we run program and .class  file is loaded ,variables allocated. when .class file unloaded file get destroyed.
Stored Memory:Non Heap memory or static memory 
Deffault values: Static variables deffault values  int is zero and boolean value is false and string is null.
Access Specifier:in static access modifiers is use.
HOW TO ACCESS STATIC VALUES:1.Directly
2.Using Class Name(A.1)
3.By using Obeject Reference name 
